1) What is SDLC and list its phases?
A)Software Developement is used to create the software and maintain the software.In the System
there are the Several Phases Like: 
Design,Coding,Testing,Deployement,Maintainence

a)Design 
The Design phase here we design the software like structure of that software and functionality of that software.


b)coding:
Here the actual instructions of the software it is used to perform the specific programming languages like c, c++, Java, Python.
used to tell the computer what do and how to do.

c)Testing:
Here the software can be the tested ,like to meet the user requirements and
also the Unit Testing, Integration Testing.

Unit Testing:
a unit testing is the a specific function whether it is working correctly or not.
example: a sum function need to be work with all inputs .

Integration Testing:
a Integration Testing is  used to the it will check the two endpoints whether working correctly or not.

example:payment process model and the order management System working correctly or not..


Deployment:
After the testing the Software We need to deploy the software in the server to make it is available for the user.



Maintainence:
After deploying the software in the server we need to update that software, and fixing the bugs in that software.We need to maintain that software..

2. Differentiate between system and application software.
A)
System Software :
->a System software are used to the it is intermediatry between the user and the computer Hardware.
->Examples: Windows, linux, Mac.

Application Software:
->an Application software are used in the Smartphones and the Tablets.
->Examples: Candy Crush,Dr Driving.

3. How do you install and configure Java on Windows?
A) to configure the Java on windows 
we need to install the Java Developement Kit(JDK) in the System, form the oracle website, and also Supporting the IDE(Integrated Developement Envirnoment).
we need to install in the system.
To run the Java Programs to any operating System We Need to install the JDK on that System..

4. Write a Java program to print 'Hello World'.
A)
public class Dem1{
public static void main(String[] args){
System.out.println("Hello World!");
}
}


5. What is the role of an IDE?
A)An IDE(Integrated Developement Envirnoment) are used to maintain the Source code during the software developement.

uses:
->It Makes the Code for the Faster Compliation.
->It also Provides the Special Feature like the Refactoring tools like user can easy to maintain the code.
-> The Big Advantage of using the  debugging tools, like breakpionts, and watch points.

6. List and describe Java primitive data types.
A)Datatype: Are used to convert the real world data into the binary(0's and 1's).

Two types: Primitive Datatype, Non Primitive Datatype
Primitive Datatype:
cateorized into the Numeric and the NonNumeric.
Numeric:
byte(1)= 8 bits,short(2 byte),int(4 byte),long(8 byte),float(4 byte),double(8 byte).
NonNumeric:
char(2), bool(True/False)
Non Primitive Datatype:
Strings,Arrays, class, objects.


7. Write a Java program to take user input for name and age.
A)
public class dem{
public static void main(String[] args){
Scanner scan=new Scanner(System.in);
System.out.println("Enter the Name:");
String Name=scan.nextLine();
System.out.println("Enter the age:");
int age=scan.nextInt();
System.out.println("Name"+Name+"age"+age);
scan.close();
}
}


8. Explain the purpose of the Scanner class.
A)Scanner: A Scanner are used to take the  UserInput from Java programmes.
we need to import the scanner package in the util class like the import java.util.Scanner;
or import java.util.*;
creating the Scanner Object Like This:
Scanner scan=new Scanner(System.in);

here we are creating the scanner using with new Keyword 
after the(in the paranthesis we declared like the From the keyboard taking the inputs.)
and Assigning like the with the reference address variable has  the (scan).

9. What is a comment in Java and how do you use it?
A) comment are used to the not excutable statements in the Java Source Code.
Two Categories
a)Single line Comment(//Hello)
b)Multi Line Comment(/* starts with and the ends with*/)


10. How do you set up a Git repository and make your first commit?
A) to Setup the Git repository
we need to follow this rules
Actullay A git is the Version Controll System(VCS) it used to maintain the code, during the software Developement.

there are the four stages:
working Directory,Staging area,local repository,remote repository 

Before Doing all the Stages we need to declare the following commands in the command prompt
->git init(Used to intialize the github files).
->git status(Used to get the status of the file).

Working Directory:
A Working Directory is the all the files will be there in this stage.

Staging Area: 
A Staging Area are used to the like we want to add the particular file in the
repository. So we are using this stage and follows the command
command: git add example1.java.

like we need to add only the single files in the repository.

local repository:

After adding the files in the repository, the files to be saved in the local Systems.
and we need to use the following command
git commit -m"The files to be Saved"
to use this command we use the share the bunch of files, in the Repository.

another command
git remote origin -main"https://github.com/Alex12.git"


Remote repository:
A remote repository after commiting the files we need to push the files in the Repository

git push -u origin main
